Initial commit of ported C# code, readme, and bicep (#1)
Azure-Samples/function-dotnet-ai-openai-chatgpt: README.md

2) [Azure Functions Core Tools 4.0.6610 or higher](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-run-local?tabs=v4%2Cmacos%2Ccsharp%2Cportal%2Cbash#install-the-azure-functions-core-tools)
3) [Azurite](https://github.com/Azure/Azurite)

The easiest way to install Azurite is using a Docker container or the support built into Visual Studio:
```bash
docker run -d -p 10000:10000 -p 10001:10001 -p 10002:10002 mcr.microsoft.com/azure-storage/azurite
```

4) Once you have your Azure subscription, run the following in a new terminal window to create Azure OpenAI and other resources needed:
```bash
azd provision
```

Take note of the value of `AZURE_OPENAI_ENDPOINT` which can be found in `./.azure/<env name from azd provision>/.env`.  It will look something like:
```bash
AZURE_OPENAI_ENDPOINT="https://cog-<unique string>.openai.azure.com/"
```

Alternatively you can [create an OpenAI resource](https://portal.azure.com/#create/Microsoft.CognitiveServicesTextAnalytics) in the Azure portal to get your key and endpoint. After it deploys, click Go to resource and view the Endpoint value.  You will also need to deploy a model, e.g. with name `chat` and model `gpt-4o`.

> 5) Add this `local.settings.json` file to the root of the repo folder to simplify local development.  Replace `AZURE_OPENAI_ENDPOINT` with your value from step 4.  Optionally you can choose a different model deployment in `CHAT_MODEL_DEPLOYMENT_NAME`.  This file will be gitignored to protect secrets from committing to your repo, however by default the sample uses Entra identity (user identity and mananaged identity) so it is secretless.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5) Add this `local.settings.json` file to the **app** folder to simplify local development.  Replace `AZURE_OPENAI_ENDPOINT` with your value from step 4.  Optionally you can choose a different model deployment in `CHAT_MODEL_DEPLOYMENT_NAME`.  This file will be gitignored to protect secrets from committing to your repo, however by default the sample uses Entra identity (user identity and mananaged identity) so it is secretless.  
```

```

## Stateful Interaction with Chatbot using Chat Function

We will use the [test.http](test.http) file again now focusing on the Chat function.  We need to start the chat with `chats` and send messages with `PostChat`.  We can also get state at any time with `GetChatState`.

```http
### Stateful Chatbot
### CreateChatBot
PUT http://localhost:7071/api/chats/abc123
Content-Type: application/json

{
    "name": "Sample ChatBot",
    "description": "This is a sample chatbot."
}

### PostChat
POST http://localhost:7071/api/chats/abc123
Content-Type: application/json

{
    "message": "Hello, how can I assist you today?"
}

### PostChat
POST http://localhost:7071/api/chats/abc123
Content-Type: application/json

{
    "message": "Need help with directions from Redmond to SeaTac?"
}

### GetChatState
GET http://localhost:7071/api/chats/abc123?timestampUTC=2024-01-15T22:00:00
Content-Type: application/json
```

## Deploy to Azure

The easiest way to deploy this app is using the [Azure Developer CLI](https://aka.ms/azd).  If you open this repo in GitHub CodeSpaces the AZD tooling is already preinstalled.

To provision and deploy:
```bash
azd up
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:**  
> If you run into the following error, go to Azure portal and find the function app resource. Add the tag `azd-service-name:api` to the app.
>
> ERROR: error executing step command 'deploy --all': getting target resource: resource not found: unable to find a resource tagged with 'azd-service-name: api'. Ensure the service resource is correctly tagged in your infrastructure configuration, and rerun provision
```

Author: Thank you.  Since we determined this is internal to our company network I think we can wait on adding this for now.
